pursuitCurves/README.md, before:

# Pursuit Curve Problem

This snippet of code visualizes the [Pursuit Curves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pursuit_curve) between different moving objects, either with an image or an animation.
Simulation method has been used instead of mathematical formulation, using the pyglet library for rendering the images.

## Getting Started

Clone this repository on your local disk by executing the line below. 
Be aware you will download other small projects as well

git clone https://github.com/kokomero/miscelanea/

### Prerequisites

Install numpy and pyglet packages, these are available in the Python pip repository

### Execution

python object_pursuit_curve.py

The result of the execution should be a windows like the following one, in case we execute the fixed image:
![Four Body Pursuing Problem](four_body_problem.png)

The simulation can be ended by pressing ESC key or closing the window.

### Deployment

Just copy the files in a local directory, make sure the required libraries are installed and execute the script following above instructions.

## TODOs
* Implement antialiasing
* Define the configuration of the problem, including moving objects and their relationship in a configuration JSON file
* Move line width and colors to the configuration file. Each moving object could have lines linking pursuers and leaders in different colors
* Define scenarios in 3D space, and be able to rotate the image in 3D
* Be able to define parametric velocity vector for a leader so that we can implement circular movements

## References
* Wikipedia: [Pursuit Curves, in English](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pursuit_curve)
* Wikipedia: [Pursuit Curves, in French](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Courbe_du_chien)
* Universidad Complutense de Madrid: [Page on Pursuit Curves, in Spanish](http://www.mat.ucm.es/cosasmdg/cdsmdg/modelizaciones/proyectos/proyecto2/index.htm)
* Wolfram Research: [entry for Pursuit Curves, in English](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/PursuitCurve.html)
* Wikipedia: [Envelope curves, in English](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Envelope_(mathematics))
## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this piece of code

## Authors
* **Victor Montiel** - *Initial work* - [Personal website](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net)

## License
No licence for this project

## Acknowledgments
* pyglet library

Commit message:

Added blog entries for the Tower of Hanoi and Pursuit Curves entries

pursuitCurves/README.md, after:

# Pursuit Curve Problem

This snippet of code visualizes the [Pursuit Curves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pursuit_curve) between different moving objects, either with an image or an animation.
Simulation method has been used instead of mathematical formulation, using the pyglet library for rendering the images.

You can check my blog entry on the problem:
[Rotpunkt Blog, Pursuit Curves](https://rotpunkt-programming.blogspot.com/2018/12/pursuit-curves.html)

## Getting Started

Clone this repository on your local disk by executing the line below. 
Be aware you will download other small projects as well

git clone https://github.com/kokomero/miscelanea/

### Prerequisites

Install numpy and pyglet packages, these are available in the Python pip repository

### Execution

python object_pursuit_curve.py

The result of the execution should be a windows like the following one, in case we execute the fixed image:
![Four Body Pursuing Problem](four_body_problem.png)

The simulation can be ended by pressing ESC key or closing the window.

### Deployment

Just copy the files in a local directory, make sure the required libraries are installed and execute the script following above instructions.

## TODOs
* Implement antialiasing
* Define the configuration of the problem, including moving objects and their relationship in a configuration JSON file
* Move line width and colors to the configuration file. Each moving object could have lines linking pursuers and leaders in different colors
* Define scenarios in 3D space, and be able to rotate the image in 3D
* Be able to define parametric velocity vector for a leader so that we can implement circular movements

## References
* Wikipedia: [Pursuit Curves, in English](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pursuit_curve)
* Wikipedia: [Pursuit Curves, in French](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Courbe_du_chien)
* Universidad Complutense de Madrid: [Page on Pursuit Curves, in Spanish](http://www.mat.ucm.es/cosasmdg/cdsmdg/modelizaciones/proyectos/proyecto2/index.htm)
* Wolfram Research: [entry for Pursuit Curves, in English](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/PursuitCurve.html)
* Wikipedia: [Envelope curves, in English](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Envelope_(mathematics))
## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this piece of code

## Authors
* **Victor Montiel** - *Initial work* - [Personal website](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net)

## License
No licence for this project

## Acknowledgments
* pyglet library
