TowerOfHanoi/README.md, before:

# Tower of Hanoi

This piece of code intents to solve the [Tower of Hanoi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_of_Hanoi) problem in a graphical way, probably making use of different methods.

The code display a Tower of Hanoi play set on the screen, using pyglet library, and start playing the game automatically. Discs
start moving from column to column, playing the rule of the game, until the final configuration is achieved, when the game ends.

Game can be ended by pressing ESC key or closing the window.

You can find a real wooden Tower of Hanoi playset that I crafted [here](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net/album/woodworking/hanoi_tower_1.jpg), which gave me the inspiration to write this piece of code.
![Tower of Hanoi wooden playset](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net/album/woodworking/hanoi_tower_1.jpg)
## Getting Started

Clone this repository on your local disk by executing. You will download as well other small projects

git clone https://github.com/kokomero/miscelanea/

### Prerequisites

Install numpy and pyglet packages, these are available in the Python pip repository

## Execution

python Hanoi.py

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this piece of code, maybe by adding a graphical interface

## Authors

* **Victor Montiel** - *Initial work* - [Personal website](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net)

## License

No licence for this project

## Acknowledgments

* pyglet library
* Édouard Lucas for inventing the game

Commit message:

Animation video uploaded for README.md

TowerOfHanoi/README.md, after:

# Tower of Hanoi

This piece of code intents to solve the [Tower of Hanoi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_of_Hanoi) problem in a graphical way, probably making use of different methods.

The code display a Tower of Hanoi play set on the screen, using pyglet library, and start playing the game automatically. Discs
start moving from column to column, playing the rule of the game, until the final configuration is achieved, when the game ends.

Game can be ended by pressing ESC key or closing the window.

You can find a real wooden Tower of Hanoi playset that I crafted [here](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net/album/woodworking/hanoi_tower_1.jpg), which gave me the inspiration to write this piece of code.
![Tower of Hanoi wooden playset](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net/album/woodworking/hanoi_tower_1.jpg)

## Getting Started

Clone this repository on your local disk by executing. You will download as well other small projects

git clone https://github.com/kokomero/miscelanea/

### Prerequisites

Install numpy and pyglet packages, these are available in the Python pip repository

## Execution

python Hanoi.py

The result of the execution should be a windows like the following one:
![Animation video](https://github.com/kokomero/miscelanea/tree/master/TowerOfHanoi/output.gif)

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this piece of code, maybe by adding a graphical interface

## Authors

* **Victor Montiel** - *Initial work* - [Personal website](http://www.victormontielargaiz.net)

## License

No licence for this project

## Acknowledgments

* pyglet library
* Édouard Lucas for inventing the game
